
.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tutf8 doc.1
.\"
.TH template 1 "NOVEMBER 2020" "Pumpn Code" "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
\m[blue]template\m[] \- the basic repository template for pumpn code projects
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B template [-bar] [-c
.I config-file
.B ]
.I file
.B ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B template
is the basic repository template for pumpn code projects
and it's main use is creating more specific templates
.SH OPTIONS
.IP -b
Do not write `busy' to stdout while processing.
.IP "-c config-file"
Use the alternate system wide
.I config-file
instead of
.IR /etc/foo.conf .
This overrides any
.B FOOCONF
environment variable.
.IP -a
In addition to the baz segments, also parse the
blurfl headers.
.IP -r
Recursive mode. Operates as fast as lightning
at the expense of a megabyte of virtual memory.
.SH FILES
.I /etc/foo.conf
.RS
The system wide configuration file. See
.BR foo (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I ~/.foorc
.RS
Per user configuration file. See
.BR foo (5)
for further details.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.IP FOOCONF
If non-null the full pathname for an alternate system wide
.IR foo.conf .
Overridden by the
.B -c
option.
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
The following diagnostics may be issued on stderr:
 
Bad magic number.
.RS
The input file does not look like an archive file.
.RE
Old style baz segments.
.RS
.B foo
can only handle new style baz segments. COBOL
object libraries are not supported in this version.
.SH BUGS
The command name should have been chosen more carefully
to reflect its purpose.
.SH AUTHOR
Nano Miratus <nanomiratus@gmail.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR template (1)